README.md, before:

awesome-jenkins
===============


Plugins
=======


### Plugins: Authentication

-----

### Plugins: Version Control


#### Github

1. [Github pull request builder plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/GitHub+pull+request+builder+plugin)
2. [Leeroy: Jenkins integration with GitHub pull requests](https://github.com/docker/leeroy)

#### Tutorial & Articles

1. [Building github pull requests with jenkins](http://www.theguild.nl/building-github-pull-requests-with-jenkins)

------

### Plugins: Pipeline

1. [The Job DSL plugin for Jenkins](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Job+DSL+Plugin)
	- https://github.com/jenkinsci/job-dsl-plugin
2. [The Build Flow plugin for Jenkins](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Build+Flow+Plugin)
3. [Workflow Plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Workflow+Plugin)


#### Tutorials and Articles

- [Orchestrating Workflows with Jenkins and Docker](https://www.cloudbees.com/node/27446)


#### Tutorials and Articles
 
- [Using the build flow plugin in jenkins](https://www.coveros.com/using-the-build-flow-plugin-in-jenkins/)
- [Build flow jenkin plugin](http://www.lordofthejars.com/2012/08/build-flow-jenkins-plugin.html)
- [Tutorial using the jenkins Job DSL](https://github.com/jenkinsci/job-dsl-plugin/wiki/Tutorial---Using-the-Jenkins-Job-DSL)

------

### Plugins: Docker

1. [Docker plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Docker+Plugin)
2. [Docker build step plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Docker+build+step+plugin)
3. [Docker Slave plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Docker+Slaves+Plugin)
4. [Docker hub notificaton plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/CloudBees+Docker+Hub+Notification)
5. [Docker traceability plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/CloudBees+Docker+Traceability)
6. [Docker workflow plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/CloudBees+Docker+Workflow+Plugin)
7. [Docker Build and Publish plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/CloudBees+Docker+Build+and+Publish+plugin)
8. [Docker custom build environment plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/CloudBees+Docker+Custom+Build+Environment+Plugin)
9. [Spotify docker-maven-plugin](https://github.com/spotify/docker-maven-plugin)
10. [maven-git-commit-id-plugin](https://github.com/ktoso/maven-git-commit-id-plugin)
11. [Jenkin Docker Swarm -Slave on demand](https://github.com/jenkinsci/swarm-plugin)

#### Tutorials and Articles
 
- [Using docker as a jenkins cloud provider](http://www.nuxeo.com/blog/docker-jenkins-cloud-provider/)
- [Jenkins+Docker=Awesome CI](http://www.theguild.nl/jenkins-docker-awesome-ci)
- [Triggering Docker pipelines with Jenkins](https://www.cloudbees.com/node/27416)
- [Traceability of Docker Images and Containers in Jenkins](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/CloudBees+Docker+Traceability)
- [Orchestrating Workflows with Jenkins and Docker](https://www.cloudbees.com/node/27446)
- [Templating Jenkins Build Environments with Docker Containers](https://www.cloudbees.com/node/27411)
- [Automating application releases with Docker](https://www.cloudbees.com/node/27431)

-------


Please contribute
=========

Feel free to send Pull Request to extend this list. Lets have awesome list for jenkins as well.

Commit message:

Added curated resources via Hackr.io
https://hackr.io/tutorials/learn-jenkins

README.md, after:

awesome-jenkins
===============


Plugins
=======


### Plugins: Authentication

-----

### Plugins: Version Control


#### Github

1. [Github pull request builder plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/GitHub+pull+request+builder+plugin)
2. [Leeroy: Jenkins integration with GitHub pull requests](https://github.com/docker/leeroy)

#### Tutorial & Articles

1. [Building github pull requests with jenkins](http://www.theguild.nl/building-github-pull-requests-with-jenkins)

------

### Plugins: Pipeline

1. [The Job DSL plugin for Jenkins](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Job+DSL+Plugin)
	- https://github.com/jenkinsci/job-dsl-plugin
2. [The Build Flow plugin for Jenkins](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Build+Flow+Plugin)
3. [Workflow Plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Workflow+Plugin)


#### Tutorials and Articles

- [Orchestrating Workflows with Jenkins and Docker](https://www.cloudbees.com/node/27446)


#### Tutorials and Articles
 
- [Using the build flow plugin in jenkins](https://www.coveros.com/using-the-build-flow-plugin-in-jenkins/)
- [Build flow jenkin plugin](http://www.lordofthejars.com/2012/08/build-flow-jenkins-plugin.html)
- [Tutorial using the jenkins Job DSL](https://github.com/jenkinsci/job-dsl-plugin/wiki/Tutorial---Using-the-Jenkins-Job-DSL)
- [Curated list of jenkins resources](https://hackr.io/tutorials/learn-jenkins)

------

### Plugins: Docker

1. [Docker plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Docker+Plugin)
2. [Docker build step plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Docker+build+step+plugin)
3. [Docker Slave plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Docker+Slaves+Plugin)
4. [Docker hub notificaton plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/CloudBees+Docker+Hub+Notification)
5. [Docker traceability plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/CloudBees+Docker+Traceability)
6. [Docker workflow plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/CloudBees+Docker+Workflow+Plugin)
7. [Docker Build and Publish plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/CloudBees+Docker+Build+and+Publish+plugin)
8. [Docker custom build environment plugin](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/CloudBees+Docker+Custom+Build+Environment+Plugin)
9. [Spotify docker-maven-plugin](https://github.com/spotify/docker-maven-plugin)
10. [maven-git-commit-id-plugin](https://github.com/ktoso/maven-git-commit-id-plugin)
11. [Jenkin Docker Swarm -Slave on demand](https://github.com/jenkinsci/swarm-plugin)

#### Tutorials and Articles
 
- [Using docker as a jenkins cloud provider](http://www.nuxeo.com/blog/docker-jenkins-cloud-provider/)
- [Jenkins+Docker=Awesome CI](http://www.theguild.nl/jenkins-docker-awesome-ci)
- [Triggering Docker pipelines with Jenkins](https://www.cloudbees.com/node/27416)
- [Traceability of Docker Images and Containers in Jenkins](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/CloudBees+Docker+Traceability)
- [Orchestrating Workflows with Jenkins and Docker](https://www.cloudbees.com/node/27446)
- [Templating Jenkins Build Environments with Docker Containers](https://www.cloudbees.com/node/27411)
- [Automating application releases with Docker](https://www.cloudbees.com/node/27431)
- [Curated List of Docker Resources](https://hackr.io/tutorials/learn-docker)

-------


Please contribute
=========

Feel free to send Pull Request to extend this list. Lets have awesome list for jenkins as well.
